#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured

<h1>FAQ</h1>
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== How do I change highlighting colors? ==

You have to set custom CSS rules in the files `userContent.css` and `userChrome.css` files. They are located in the folder `chrome` in your [http://support.mozilla.org/kb/profiles-where-firefox-stores-user-data Firefox profile directory] (if they do not exist create them).

The following is an example using SearchWP's default colors.

`userChrome.css`
{{{
@namespace url("http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul"); 

.searchbox-token {
  background: #dee7f8;
  color: #000;
}

.searchbox-token:hover {
  border-color: #6d95e0;
  background: #bbcef1;
}

.searchbox-token:hover:active {
  border-color: #608ce0;
  background: #a0c9ff;
}

.searchbox-token[highlight="term-1"] {
  background-color: #fbed73;
  border-color: #e1d467;
}

.searchbox-token[highlight="term-1"]:hover {
  background-color: #fbe313;
  border-color: #dac400;
}

.searchbox-token[highlight="term-1"]:hover:active {
  background-color: #f1d700;
  border-color: #d1ba00;
}

...
}}}


`userContent.css`
{{{
.searchwp-term {
  color: black;
}

.searchwp-term[highlight="term-1"] {
  background-color: #fbed73;
}

.searchwp-term[highlight="term-2"] {
  background-color: #ffb18c;
}

.searchwp-term[highlight="term-3"] {
  background-color: #ffd281;
}

.searchwp-term[highlight="term-4"] {
  background-color: #c3f991;
}

.searchwp-term[highlight="term-5"] {
  background-color: #e9b8ff;
}
}}}

== How do I prevent search terms to change horizontal position when turning into jump-to-word buttons? ==

You can add the following to your `userChrome.css`:
{{{
.searchbox-tokens-container {
  -moz-margin-start: 0;
  -moz-margin-end: 0;
}

.searchbox-token {
  padding: 0 !important;
  -moz-margin-start: 0 !important;
  -moz-margin-end: 0.08em !important; /* you might have to tweak this value */
}
}}}

== Why is an extra search term called "undefined" shown, whenever I enter something in the search box? ==

Uninstall the McAfee SiteAdvisor add-on. It causes many problems not only with SearchWP but with other add-ons too.