#summary FAQ
#labels Featured

= FAQ =

 * *How to activate SearchWP once installed?*
  Under View > Toolbar > Customize, drag the items "Terms toolbar" and "Highlight" up to the toolbars. Or follow this animation.

 * *How do I change highlighting colors?*
  You have to change the userContent.css file. Here is an example. You can also change buttons' icon with the userChrome.css file, but this is a little bit trickier.

userChrome.css
{{{
@namespace url("http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul"); 

#searchwp-terms-box > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight1 > .toolbarbutton-icon,
#searchwp-terms-popup > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight1 > .toolbarbutton-icon {
  background-image: url("chrome://searchwp/skin/icons/search-yellow.png");
}

#searchwp-terms-box > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight2 > .toolbarbutton-icon,
#searchwp-terms-popup > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight2 > .toolbarbutton-icon {
  background-image: url("chrome://searchwp/skin/icons/search-aqua.png");
}

#searchwp-terms-box > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight3 > .toolbarbutton-icon,
#searchwp-terms-popup > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight3 > .toolbarbutton-icon {
  background-image: url("chrome://searchwp/skin/icons/search-chartreuse.png");
}

#searchwp-terms-box > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight4 > .toolbarbutton-icon,
#searchwp-terms-popup > toolbarbutton.searchwp-term-highlight4 > .toolbarbutton-icon {
  background-image: url("chrome://searchwp/skin/icons/search-coral.png");
}
}}}

userContent.css
{{{
.searchwp-term-highlight1,
.searchwp-term-highlight2,
.searchwp-term-highlight3,
.searchwp-term-highlight4,
.searchwp-term-highlight5 {
  color: black !important;
}

.searchwp-term-highlight1 {
  background-color: #ffff00 !important;
}

.searchwp-term-highlight2 {
  background-color: #00ffff !important;
}

.searchwp-term-highlight3 {
  background-color: #00ff00 !important;
}

.searchwp-term-highlight4 {
  background-color: #ff7777 !important;
}
}}}

 * *Whenever a term is shown in the SearchWP area, an extra "term" displays, called "undefined".*
  Uninstall the McAfee SiteAdvisor add-on. It causes many problems not only with SearchWP but with other add-ons too.

= Shortcut keys =

 * `F3` lets you repeat the last jump-to-word search.
 * `F8` enables or disables the highlighting.
 * `SHIFT + Click` or `SHIFT + F3` reverses the order of the search.
 * `CTRL + Click` or `CTRL + F3` makes the search case-sensitive.