#summary Change Log
#labels Featured

== SearchWP 2.6.3 (UNPUBLISHED) ==
 * Fixed: When grouping of tokens in a single menu is activated, space between search text and the menu icon is added. (issue 81, issue 86)
 * Fixed: Token buttons are not rounded since Firefox 13. (issue 82)

== SearchWP 2.6.2 (November 28th, 2011) ==
 * Fixed: Tokens cause search-bar to shrink in height with Firefox 8. (issue 76)
 * New translation: Swedish. (issue 75)
 * Speed improvements on highlighting.

== SearchWP 2.6.1 (November 16th, 2011) ==
 * Fixed: Fx App Menu button color does not change when stopping Private Browsing mode. (issue 71)
 * Fixed: Tokens cause urlbar to change in height with Firefox 9+. (issue 72)

== SearchWP 2.6.0 (September 18th, 2011) ==
 * Fixed: Context menu incomplete for text field (Show suggestions and clear history). (issue 13)
 * New: Highlighting of split/overlapping terms. (issue 5, issue 9, issue 58)
 * New: Fast searching by mouse scrolling over terms in all modes (buttons, grouped, edit). (issue 67, issue 70)
 * Optimize searching/highlighting.
 * Other minor improvements and fixes.

== SearchWP 2.5.0 (May 11th, 2011) ==
 * Compatibility update for Firefox 4.0

== SearchWP 2.4.2 (December 7th, 2009) ==
 * Backward compatibility for Firefox 3.5

== SearchWP 2.4.1 (December 6th, 2009) ==
 * Compatibility for Firefox 3.6

== SearchWP 2.4 (July 1st, 2009) ==
 * Compatibility for Firefox 3.5

== SearchWP 2.4b1 (November 8th, 2008) ==
 * Compatibility for Firefox 3.1b2pre

== SearchWP 2.3.1 (September 5th, 2008) ==
 * Fixed: Issue 34 (version 2.3 breaks highlighting)

== SearchWP 2.3 (September 3rd, 2008) ==
 * New: Possibility to group tokens in a single menu to avoid having tokens over the text.
 * All available translations (even when partially available) are now packaged in the final XPI file.

== SearchWP 2.2 (May 22nd, 2008) ==
 * Ready for Firefox 3.0 RC1
 * Fixed: Positioning adjustments of tokens in the searchbox
 * Fixed: Searchbox min-width when tokenized
 * Fixed: alignment problem on OSX

== SearchWP 2.1 (April 2nd, 2008) ==
 * Fixed: On OSX, in toolbar customization, the Windows highlighting icon is used (issue 7)
 * Fixed: Clicking through the token drop down popup bring focus to the search box
 * Fixed: Right-click in searchbox for text copy/paste doesn't work
 * New: Middle and right-click for backward search
 * Compatible with Firefox 3.0b5

== SearchWP 2.0 (February 29th, 2008) ==

=== Beta 3 (February 11th, 2008) ===
 * Removing the 2 states highlighting button (for matching case highlighting, use ALT or CTRL key)
 * Updated locales: de-DE, el-GR, es-ES, it-IT, ja-JP, pl-PL, pt-BR
 * Compatible with Firefox 3.0b3

=== Beta 2 (January 5th, 2008) ===
 * The overflow ellipsis was not always displayed when needed.
 * Spacing adjustment to facilitate the selection.

=== Beta 1 (December 31st, 2007) ===
 * Jump-to-word buttons are now integrated in the search box. 
 * Consistent with the new theme on Mac OS X.
 * Automatically add the highlight button to the toolbar on installation. 

== SearchWP 1.1 ==

=== Beta 2 (July 13th, 2007) ===
 * Completely refactored.
 * Highlighting improved: e.g. test-search now matches test.search, test*search...
 * New: SoundEx highlighting (to be improved, not available in the xpi version)

=== Beta 1 (July 7th, 2007) ===
 * New: Highlighting count
 * New: Highlighting match case
 * Improvement: SearchWP uses FastFind instead of WebBrowserFinder. FastFind is better and contains less bugs.
 * Ready for Firefox 3.0, not compatible with Firefox 2.x and lower
 * Development: New ANT Build script

== SearchWP 1.0 (January 7th, 2007) ==

 * Added: A new options dialog has been added. You can now easily configure:
   * how the searched terms should be added to the terms toolbar
   * the minimum length for the words to be highlighted
 * Fixed: Case-sensitive search with the F3 key shortcut was not working (CTRL + F3)
 * New translations: Croatian, Greek
 * Incomplete translations: Catalan, Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Hungarian, Japanese, Portuguese (Brazilian)

== SearchWP 0.9 (October 18th, 2006) ==

 * Added: It's now possible to set a minimum length for the terms to be highlighted.
 * Improved: It turns out that disabling the highlighting button when the searchbox is empty was not a good idea!
 * Fixed: Invalid terms separation for patterns with quotation marks.

== SearchWP 0.8 (June 17th, 2006) ==

 * Improved: This version is compatible with Firefox 2.0
 * Improved: The highlighting button is disabled when the searchbox is empty.
 * Fixed: Some special characters are ignored if they're enclosed between quotation marks.
 * New translations: Polish, Russian

== SearchWP 0.7.1 (April 3rd, 2006) ==

 * Improved: The F3 key handling has been improved. There is no more conflit with the find bar.

== SearchWP 0.7 (March 9th, 2006) ==

 * Added: The F3 key continues the last jump-to-word search.
 * Added: The F8 key enables or disables the highlighting.
 * Added: A message is displayed in the status bar when:
   * the search reached end of page and continued from top;
   * the search reached top of page and continued from bottom;
   * the term is not found.
 * Added: A maximum number of term's buttons can be set (they'll be automatically added in a popup menu).
 * Added: You can now customize highlighting colors with the userChrome.css and userContent.css files.
 * Improved: The highlighting can be enabled even if the highlighting button has not been added to the toolbar.
 * Fixed: In certain circumstances, a term present in the page was not found.
 * Not compatible with Firefox < 1.5.

== SearchWP 0.6.7 (March 3rd, 2006) ==

 * Added: A beep is heard when a term is not found in the page.
 * New translations: Frisian, Korean, Dutch, Portuguese

== SearchWP 0.6.6 (Jan. 24th, 2006) ==

 * Added: SearchWP has now an icon in the Extension Manager.
 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.0.1.

== SearchWP 0.6.5 (Jan. 21st, 2006) ==

 * Added: After the first installation, there is now a message that ask if the user want to add the terms toolbar and the highlight button.
 * Fixed: Hyphens were removed from the terms text.
 * Fixed: The search string was not correctly divided in buttons in some cases.
 * New translations: Polish, Russian, Slovak

== SearchWP 0.6.1 (Jan. 2nd, 2006) ==

 * Improved: The description in the Extensions Manager is now localized.
 * Fixed: There was a META-INF folder in the XPI file.
 * New translation: Spanish

== SearchWP 0.6 (Dec. 28, 2005) ==

 * Dynamic terms toolbar:
   * Improved: An icon has been added to the terms toolbar in the Customize window.
   * Improved: The insuffisant space detection for the terms buttons has been improved.
   * Improved: The popup menu displayed when there is not enough space in the toolbar is now refreshed when the window is resized.
   * Fixed: This menu contained old terms in some cases.
 * Highlighting:
   * Improved: The words and special characters analysis has been improved.
   * Improved: A supplementary check has been added before to highlight a word.
   * Fixed: Some words were not highlighted if they were not in the right case for the second occurrence in a node.
   * Fixed: In some cases, the highlighting changes the appearence of the page (the node <layer> is now used instead of <span>).
   * Fixed: Minors bugs.

== SearchWP 0.5.5 (Dec. 18, 2005) ==

 * Fixed: The two-byte space character is now recognized as a separator character (Thanks to Yukichi Kamata).
 * New translation: Japanese

== SearchWP 0.5.4 (Oct. 28, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.

== SearchWP 0.5.3 (Oct. 26, 2005) ==

 * Improved: Improved display for the highlight button under the "text" and "icon and text" modes.
 * Fixed: The highlight button icon in the Customize Toolbar was missing.

== SearchWP 0.5.2 (Oct. 7, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.

== SearchWP 0.5.1 (Sept. 8, 2005) Download

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.5.

== SearchWP 0.5 (Aug. 14, 2005) ==

 * Added: The Shift key reverses the order of the search.
 * Added: The Ctrl key makes the search case-sensitive.
 * Improved: Memory usage.
 * Improved: Toolbar performance.
 * Fixed: Highlighting problems with tabs and many browser windows.
 * Not compatible with Firefox 1.0.5. Please use Firefox 1.0.6 or upper.

== SearchWP 0.4.4 (Jul. 15, 2005) ==

 * Fixed: Infinit page loading.
 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.0.5.

== SearchWP 0.4.3.2 (Jun. 22, 2005) ==

 * New translation: German

== SearchWP 0.4.3.1 (Jun. 15, 2005) ==

 * New translation: Italian

== SearchWP 0.4.3 (May. 31, 2005) ==

 * This version is compatible with Firefox 1.1.

== SearchWP 0.4.2 (Mar. 11, 2005) ==

 * Improved: Various minors improvements

== SearchWP 0.4 (Jan. 4, 2005) ==

 * Added: SearchWP can highlight terms.
 * Added: When there is too many terms in the terms bar, a menu is generated.
 * Improved: Completely reviewed and improved
 * New translation: French.

== SearchWP 0.3.7 (Nov. 21, 2004) ==

 * Fixed: SearchWP is case-sensitive.

== SearchWP 0.3.6 (Nov. 7, 2004) ==

 * Fixed: The first <input> box on a page traps the search and we're not able to find the next occurence.

== SearchWP 0.3.5 (Oct. 19, 2004) ==

 * Added: Compatible with the new extension SearchBox Sync
 * Improved: New icon set
 * Compatible with FireFox 1.0 PR Nightlies

== SearchWP 0.3 (Sep. 27, 2004) ==

 * Compatible with FireFox 1.0 PR (0.10)

== SearchWP 0.2 (May. 19, 2004) ==

 * Improved: Reduced height (smaller font, smaller icon) of the toolbar for FireFox 0.9
 * Compatible with FireFox 0.9

== SearchWP 0.1 (Feb. 10, 2004) ==

 * First Release